greetings youtubers welcome to this
video this video will try to how
through the system symbol activate
or disable the administrator account
well, the administrator is a
user who has windows well reserved
out there I do not know why because they do not
are going to come to the computer jump in order
he is crouching
to know
what by what name is the name called
has the administrator because both
Windows in Spanish as in English have
different names either administrator
or administrator or something like that for this
let's check with the net command
Remember enabled users symbol
system in administrator mode this is going
to tell the users that there are as per
example the same in 1992 the guest and
the administrator now
I have activated the account of
administrator
how it turns off is the first thing I go
to teach or easy to see first of all
to teach them that if I go here he tells me that
I can access the administrator ok
going back to our desk
we write net user notice that up
I wrote net booster in this case
I will write net usher
me neither
sun and mini degrees
bar activate two points no
the command has been executed correctly
this means that the
administrator has been hidden
we reached the no administrator
if we return we write net user adminis
worker active bar 2 points 10
the command was properly activated
now if we go back to our beginning and
we go and we can reflect and access
the administrator account
what use will you give to this command
today this user good and that will depend
of you already know youtubers comment
Subscribe to the channel from the former to the
videos and leave a comment if it served you
this video we see in a next video